Yes, yes
[music] Yes, yes
[music] Yes,
yes
[music]
When we need to strike down here, this is the
Bodhi tree where our Buddha
is sitting for 49 days and nights meditating to
attain enlightenment. On the first watch of the
49th day, the third watch is the day of attaining enlightenment, reaching complete awakening in all
cells, right?
Yes, if we
don't receive the Buddha's grace,
we can never be liberated
because we don't see the
Buddha's love, we don't
feel the Buddha's love for
us, so we won't try to practice. It's the
same as in
our family. What kind of filial child is a child who
sees their parents' hardships? A child who observes their parents' struggles
every day must subtly monitor their parents'
hardships. My Tam is bad at the shop, she's monitoring her mother's every little detail. My
Tam is bad at the shop, she's
monitoring her mother's every move. She's
at the small shop, and I have
asthma. I haven't been to first grade yet. I'm sharing my story about the
shop and the fact that I have asthma.  Mom
has to fan the animals to sleep. If she doesn't
fan them, they absolutely can't sleep.
Normally, I don't know that.
But I don't know that because
I also slept all night, so I couldn't possibly
know. Besides, that day
was the first time I
woke up and discovered that
Mom's fan was so slow.
Joking aside, I realized that
when I could sleep, it was because Mom was fanning me.
Yeah, I can rest, brother.
At Thac Ba, I didn't call Mom to wake up because Mom is so tired.
That's my
confession. Going to school and sleeping,
and my heart is for Mom. I don't want Mom to
wake up because I can't breathe. So,
quietly eat, gently, until spring comes, go
out hunting, and Mom still can't breathe.
So, God's heart is like a shop. Raise your butt up
and put your hands down, rest like this, then your
head will breathe,
because God himself is too. Whenever my
head is tired, I will stand up, stand up.
Whenever I can't breathe, I will try to sit down.
There is one person who must...  Seeing the kindness of our parents
means recognizing their efforts; only then can
we truly be considered a person who lacks nothing. If
we don't pay attention to every little detail, we can
still claim that our parents' contributions are
absolutely unacceptable. We cannot be unfilial; even if we have
many things, we should still see them with our hearts. We must be mindful of every little detail,
like our mother. We must feel and absolutely not act in a way that is unfilial. I have not acted in any way that could be called unfilial; I must observe every little detail, just like you do.
If we don't
acknowledge the kindness of our parents, we
absolutely cannot believe it. And if we do
n't see and
appreciate their contributions, we absolutely cannot become Buddhas. We want to see, so we don't. Today, as we go home, we see that the weather is
very favorable; it's very sunny. Did
you sleep in a certain street? Did you feel anything in your heart?
There's a very slight warmth. Compared to a working person, we must be considered precious and noble. We are not born into a royal palace; we don't have servants or attendants, do we?  There's
no such thing. We are laborers,
and we ourselves are in a lot of places. There's just a little bit,
not quite the Indian sun, just
a little bit. We call it having a karmic connection.
Seven is the great group. We go out in the sun, just a
little bit.
What about Le Hoang Hai?
All day, when on the 65th day, in the old forest, I could
n't see the Dharma for you. I
decided to abandon that practice and spent the whole day
searching, searching, but he still
held the belief that
you have to ask and inquire to
achieve something. I don't know yet, but
he still did. On that day, he still decided
not to eat, then went to the
Ni Lien river.
That river, it's about
a day ago internationally. After a day, he bathed every day and came
up here to look. It's like that,
but it's very short.
Just let the New Day come into contact with falling
down. The Heavenly people got wet, the
food for the day, the day woke up first, then the
day continued. On that day, sitting, there was the Heavenly King
playing the lute,
saying that the lute was too heavy, that the strings would break,
or that if it was too loose, the sound would still be there.
What about the next day?  On the day of the decision to
receive the bowl of milk, I jumped into
the river to wash myself clean. Today, the
connection returns, and I return to the Middle Way. After that, the
decision is to sit in meditation to find
the truth, that is, the Buddha, in his human form, sought every possible way,
only to find
a complete Dharma to save us from suffering. Let
each of us try to see
if, with just one thought,
we have anything more precious than his teachings, so that
we can see what he gives
us. Our parents give us
wealth, houses, things that can be used in a province or
billions of dollars, but to create something within a
province, how do our parents look at it? And
what do we give ourselves, and what is its value, so that
we can feel it?
How can we increase the gratitude for
his teachings? Let us
see that, from the
beginning of our lives until now, what is more precious
than his teachings? The
wealth of the lay followers, whatever they have,
will always remain. The
Dharma of the Buddha will nourish us, but we must wait until
when?  Now let's see which is truly eternal and everlasting,
which is the three-fold decay. Only then can
we see the preciousness of the vessel,
which brings happiness to
us and which brings
suffering in the day. Only then can we
experience the grace of the Buddha. We
must see the wealth our parents have given
us to truly understand, right? With the
effort to find this, we pray
[music] to the
Buddha Shakyamuni to
give us warmth
so that we may contemplate the Buddha's grace and
be diligent.
[music]
yes yes yes yes yes yes
yesyes